# Closest MinMax

##

Problem Description
Given an array A, find the size of the smallest subarray such that it contains at least one occurrence of the maximum value of the array

and at least one occurrence of the minimum value of the array.

Problem Constraints
1 <= |A| <= 2000

Input Format
First and only argument is vector A

Output Format
Return the length of the smallest subarray which has at least one occurrence of minimum and maximum element of the array

Example Input
Input 1:

A = [1, 3, 2]
Input 2:

A = [2, 6, 1, 6, 9]

Example Output
Output 1:

2
Output 2:

3

Example Explanation
Explanation 1:

Take the 1st and 2nd elements as they are the minimum and maximum elements respectievly.
Explanation 2:

Take the last 3 elements of the array.

## Solution:

### Approach1: bruteforce

1. find min ,max
2. for each index ,
   1. if the current element is min -> find the closest max on the right side of the array.
   2. if the current element is max -> find the closest min on the right side of the array.
3. return the min lngth among the above as result

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^2)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)

### Approach2: using carryforward

1. find the min and mx
2. maintain the
   1. leftMinIndex (initialize with -1 ) -> index of minium value in the left
   2. leftMaxIndex (initialize with -1) \_> index of maxium value in the left
3. for each index i 2. if the current element is min 1. if leftMaxIndex!=-1 (which mean the max exists in the left sofar) 1. caliculate the length of the sub array and update the result if the current length is minimum so far. 2. update the leftMinIndex to currentIndex 3. if the current element is max 1. if the leftMaxIndex!=-1 1. caliculate the length of the sub array and update the result if the current length is minimum so far. 2. update the leftMaxIndex to currentIndex
4. return result.

#### code

```java
public class Solution {

    int[] getMinMax(int[] A){
        int[] minMax = new int[2];
        int min = Integer.MAX_VALUE;
        int max = Integer.MIN_VALUE;
        for(int x: A){
            min=Math.min(x,min);
            max=Math.max(x,max);
        }
        minMax[0]=min;
        minMax[1]=max;
        return minMax;
    }
    public int solve(int[] A) {
        int n=A.length;
        int[] minMax = getMinMax(A);
        int min = minMax[0];
        int max = minMax[1];
        if(min==max) return 1;
        int leftMinIndex =-1;
        int leftMaxIndex = -1;
        int result = Integer.MAX_VALUE;
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++){
            if(A[i]==min){
                if(leftMaxIndex!=-1){
                    result=Math.min(i-leftMaxIndex,result);

                }
                leftMinIndex=i;
            }else if(A[i]==max){

                    if(leftMinIndex!=-1){
                        result=Math.min(i-leftMinIndex,result);

                    }
                      leftMaxIndex=i;
            }
        }
        return result+1;

    }
}


```

#### TimeComplexity: O(n)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)
