# Leaders in an array

## Problem Description

Given an integer array A containing N distinct integers, you have to find all the leaders in array A. An element is a leader if it is strictly greater than all the elements to its right side.

NOTE: The rightmost element is always a leader.

Problem Constraints
1 <= N <= 105
1 <= A[i] <= 108

Input Format
There is a single input argument which a integer array A

Output Format
Return an integer array denoting all the leader elements of the array.

Example Input
Input 1:
A = [16, 17, 4, 3, 5, 2]
Input 2:
A = [5, 4]

Example Output
Output 1:
[17, 2, 5]
Output 2:
[5, 4]

Example Explanation
Explanation 1:
Element 17 is strictly greater than all the elements on the right side to it.
Element 2 is strictly greater than all the elements on the right side to it.
Element 5 is strictly greater than all the elements on the right side to it.
So we will return these three elements i.e [17, 2, 5], we can also return [2, 5, 17] or [5, 2, 17] or any other ordering.
Explanation 2:
Element 5 is strictly greater than all the elements on the right side to it.
Element 4 is strictly greater than all the elements on the right side to it.
So we will return these two elements i.e [5, 4], we can also any other ordering.

## Solution

### Approach 1: bruteforce

1. for each element caliculate if it is greate than all the elements on the right side add that to the result.
2. return the result.

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^2)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)

### Approach2: using the carryforward

1. maintain the rightmax to store all the leaders of the array
2. initialize the result with 1 as the right most element is always the leader
3. initialize the rightMax[] to A[n-1] as that is the current max
4. from n-2 to 0
   1. if(A[i]> rightMax) add to result array result;
   2. rightMax = max (rightmax,A[i]);
5. return result array ;

#### Code

```java
public class Solution {
    public ArrayList<Integer> solve(ArrayList<Integer> A) {
         int n=A.size();
        ArrayList<Integer> arr=new ArrayList<Integer>();
        int currentLeader=A.get(n-1);
        arr.add(currentLeader);
        for(int i=n-2;i>=0;i--){

            int temp=Math.max(currentLeader,A.get(i));
            if(temp!=currentLeader){
                arr.add(temp);
            }
            currentLeader=temp;

        }
        return arr;
    }
}


```

#### TimeComplexity: O(n)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)
