# sum of all subarrays

## Problem Description

You are given an integer array A of length N.
You have to find the sum of all subarray sums of A.
More formally, a subarray is defined as a contiguous part of an array which we can obtain by deleting zero or more elements from either end of the array.
A subarray sum denotes the sum of all the elements of that subarray.

Note : Be careful of integer overflow issues while calculations. Use appropriate datatypes.

Problem Constraints
1 <= N <= 105
1 <= Ai <= 10 4

Input Format
The first argument is the integer array A.

Output Format
Return a single integer denoting the sum of all subarray sums of the given array.

Example Input
Input 1:
A = [1, 2, 3]
Input 2:

A = [2, 1, 3]

Example Output
Output 1:
20
Output 2:

19

Example Explanation
Explanation 1:
The different subarrays for the given array are: [1], [2], [3], [1, 2], [2, 3], [1, 2, 3].
Their sums are: 1 + 2 + 3 + 3 + 5 + 6 = 20
Explanation 2:

The different subarrays for the given array are: [2], [1], [3], [2, 1], [1, 3], [2, 1, 3].
Their sums are: 2 + 1 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 6 = 19

## Solution

### Approach 1: Bruteforce

1. Caliculate the sum of all the sub arrays and add that to the result.

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^3)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)

### Approach 2: using prefix sum

1. build the prefix sum , caliculate the sum of all subarrays using the prefix sum

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^2)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)

### Approach 3:

1. Using the intuition to caliculate , in how many subarrays can the current element be part of and is contributing to the total sum.
2. for a given element at i , it will be part of (i+1)\*(n-i) subarrays.
3. the result will be for each element i sum+= (i+1)*(n-i)*A[i]
4. return the total sum

#### Code

```java

public class Solution {
    public long subarraySum(int[] A) {
        long  n=(long)A.length;
        long sum=0;
        long freq;
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++){
            freq=(i+1)*(n-i);
            long element=(long)A[i];
            sum=sum+freq*element;
        }
        return sum;
    }
}

```

#### TimeComplexity: O(n)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)
