# SubArray with least Average

## Problem Description

Given an array of size N, find the subarray of size K with the least average.

Problem Constraints
1<=k<=N<=1e5
-1e5<=A[i]<=1e5

Input Format
First argument contains an array A of integers of size N.
Second argument contains integer k.

Output Format
Return the index of the first element of the subarray of size k that has least average.
Array indexing starts from 0.

Example Input
Input 1:
A=[3, 7, 90, 20, 10, 50, 40]
B=3
Input 2:

A=[3, 7, 5, 20, -10, 0, 12]
B=2

Example Output
Output 1:
3
Output 2:

4

Example Explanation
Explanation 1:
Subarray between indexes 3 and 5
The subarray {20, 10, 50} has the least average
among all subarrays of size 3.
Explanation 2:

Subarray between [4, 5] has minimum average

## Solution

### Approach 1.

1.  caliculate the sum of all subarrays if size of the subarray is k , find the average of each one and return the index of sub array with minimum average.

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^3)

#### SpaceComplexiy: O(1)

### Approach 2:

1.  build the prefix sum array
2.  caliculate the sum of all subarrays if size of the subarray is k , find the average of each one and return the index with minumum average.
3.  return the minimum average

#### TimeComplexity: O(n^2)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(n)

### Approach 3: using the sliding window

1.  using the fact that as k is fixed minimum average implies minimum sum.
2.  caliculate the sum of first k elements into sumK add that to the current min result.
3.  loop from i = k to n-1
    1. as we are moving forward add the next element to the sum and substract the 1st element of the previous subarray from the sum.
    2. check for minimum in the new sum caliculated.
4.  return the min sum

#### Code

```java
public class Solution {
   public int solve(int[] A, int B) {
       int n=A.length;
       int sum = 0;
       int result = Integer.MAX_VALUE;
       int resultIndex=0;
       for(int i=0;i<B;i++){
           sum+=A[i];
       }
       result = Math.min(result,sum);
       resultIndex=0;
       for(int i=B;i<n;i++){
           sum+=A[i];
           sum-=A[i-B];
           if(result> sum){
               resultIndex=i-B+1;
               result=sum;
           }
       }
       return resultIndex;
   }
}
```

#### TimeComplexity: O(n)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)
