# Pick from both sides!

### Problem Description

You are given an integer array A of size N.

You have to perform B operations. In one operation, you can remove either the leftmost or the rightmost element of the array A.

Find and return the maximum possible sum of the B elements that were removed after the B operations.

NOTE: Suppose B = 3, and array A contains 10 elements, then you can:

Remove 3 elements from front and 0 elements from the back, OR
Remove 2 elements from front and 1 element from the back, OR
Remove 1 element from front and 2 elements from the back, OR
Remove 0 elements from front and 3 elements from the back.

### Problem Constraints

1 <= N <= 10^5

1 <= B <= N

-10^3 <= A[i] <= 10^3

### Input Format

First argument is an integer array A.

Second argument is an integer B.

### Output Format

Return an integer denoting the maximum possible sum of elements you removed.

### Example Input

Input 1:

A = [5, -2, 3 , 1, 2]
B = 3
Input 2:

A = [ 2, 3, -1, 4, 2, 1 ]
B = 4

### Example Output

Output 1:

8
Output 2:

9

### Example Explanation

Explanation 1:

Remove element 5 from front and element (1, 2) from back so we get 5 + 1 + 2 = 8
Explanation 2:

Remove the first element and the last 3 elements. So we get 2 + 4 + 2 + 1 = 9

### Expected Output

Provide sample input and click run to see the correct output for the provided input. Use this to improve your problem understanding and test edge cases

## Solution

### Approach 1: bruteforce

1. Out of B elements if we pick x elements from start we have an option to pick B-x elements from the end.
2. so loop through x=B; x>=0;x-- and let y = B-x be the number of elements to be picked from the end
3. loop through the starting elements and ending elements to calicuate the sum of elemenets removed
4. return the maximum sum

#### TimeComplexity: O(B\*B)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)

### Apprach 2: using the prefix sum

1. caliculate the prefix sum array initially
2. from the observation
   > Out of B elements if we pick x elements from start we have an option to pick B-x elements from the end.
3. so loop through x=B; x>=0;x-- and let y = B-x be the number of elements to be picked from the end
4. get the require subarray sum using the prefix sum array in constant time
5. return the maximum sum

#### Code

```java
public class Solution {
    public int solve(int[] A, int B) {
        int n=A.length;
        int result = Integer.MIN_VALUE;
        int[] prefixSum = new int[n+1];
        prefixSum[0]=0;
        for(int i=1;i<=n;i++){
            prefixSum[i]=prefixSum[i-1]+A[i-1];
        }
        for(int x=B;x>=0;x--){
            int y = B-x;
            int startSum =prefixSum[x];

            int endSum=prefixSum[n]-prefixSum[n-y];
            result = Math.max(result,startSum+endSum);

            }

        return result;
    }
}




```

#### TimeComplexity: O(N+B)

#### SpaceComplexity O(N)

### Approach 3: Using two pointer approach

1. caliculate the sum of first B eleements
2. update the result with sum as this is the current maximum.
3. iterate from let i represent picking of B-i elements from the front and i elements from the back.
4. as the loop is iterated subtract the B-i from the left sum and add n-i element to the right sum.
5. return the max (leftSum + rightSum).

```java
public class Solution {
    public int solve(int[] A, int B) {
        int n = A.length;
        int sumB=0;
        for(int i=0;i<B;i++){
            sumB+=A[i];
        }
        int result = sumB;
        int leftSum = sumB;
        int rightSum = 0;
        for(int i=1;i<=B;i++){
            leftSum-=A[B-i];
            rightSum+=A[n-i];
            result = Math.max(result,leftSum+rightSum);

        }
        return result;
    }
}

```

#### TimeComplexity: O(B+B) => O(B)

#### SpaceComplexity: O(1)
